Huge Blockbuster.(931)(297)
Has a potential to be a sure shot Blockbuster.With a message, with action, sacrifice, pure romance and Salman-Katrina.nVisually it's mind-blowing and even songs are great.nLoved it.
ultimate movie(462)(183)
best action seen the characters of are too good and ins this movie india and pakistan will gon on mission together I like this concept it's very good.
awesome(365)(185)
best action dilogies and directed... best ...and its very awesome in scean wise and the jodi of salman and katrina are the best in tiger zinda hai
fantastic film(296)(170)
I love the film and Salman Khan body is fabulous super film super super super super super fantastic film I am again see the film I love it 😃😃
awesome triping both country(217)(128)
mind blowing movie #amazing creativity # fighting nonstop fight adventure .. I think this movie first day record break above 50 crore .all the best salman
Realistic!!(126)(65)
This one surpasses any terrorist based movies, the people, places, language makes it closest to reality. My personal best is the extras, excellent casting ...
It's the best movie of 2017(185)(129)
Nothing but the best, every single second that you spend is worth watching, action, romance, choreography, direction, locations, music... No flaw at all, the best movie of Salman Khan and for surprise Katrina rocked the movie... A must 2 to 3 times watch... Just go for it guys!
awesome(120)(69)
awesome movie just too good i loved it... Salman n katrina did a great job.. everyone go and watch the movie you will enjoyed it...
Sallu rocks again 😀😀(115)(65)
The sequel is better than the last one...fully action packed...all characters were fine..must watch...salman once again has proved that he rules d bollywood 😎😎
awesome(106)(63)
Action thriller. Sallu is superb. Katrina is so beautiful. Totally movie is awesome. It will be liked by all audience.. sallu fans will enjoy
Will WATCH again n again(171)(131)
#TigerZindaHai one of the Best Action Bollywood Movie. Amazing Swag of #SalmanKhan & Sizzling #KatrinaKaif Loved the Script & Screenplay. Just Awesome all the Collaboration.. All the scene was mouth watering and goosebump⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Tiger Zinda Hai(117)(84)
Blockbuster loved tiger ,salman khan is the king of action movie ,will emerge as biggest blockbuster by Salman khan ,box office king giving back to back 12 th 100 cr movie
TIGER IS BACK(43)(11)
STORY, ACTION, SONGS, LOCATIONS, GRAPHICS, DIRECTION, SALMAN KHAN ACTING WAS FABULOUS AND KATRINA ALSO. I REALLY VERY ENJOYED MOVIES. VERY NICE.
bhai ke bicep dekhe(45)(13)
jab salman sir ko band ke rakha jata he or bad me bhai ki shirt lets dhikhaya jata he vo shot jordar tha bhai or jab nurses ko hospital se nikala ja raha tha tabhi ek ledi bol ti he ki ye log to bahot sare he tabhi dialog aata he abhi tiger zinda hai or machine gun vala shot slow motion me fadu he...
Must watch this movie(91)(61)
will think to watch twice. Movie is more greater then 1st part.action seance are amazing.climax is very good.you will not feel boarding in full movie.
Jakas.....(72)(45)
Jordar fadu movie ha... Agar app salman ka fan ho to to app ko dekhni chahiye or agar app salman ka fan nahi ho to to pakka dekhni chahiye...
excellent(77)(50)
Salman, Katrina have done excellent job. Paisa basil movie.Songs are very good. Locations are also very good. But the horrorness of Isis is not shown as like Vishvaroopam. Only because of Salman movie is excellent. Thank you.
good(30)(5)
nice movie. the shor in the cinema halls make my paisa wasool movie. salman name is enough the movie good or bad not important. love u salman. like to see u everytime till my lifetime
awesome(42)(17)
100% worth watching ,great movie ,no overacting at all by any actor, best action , salman bhai was having great looks , katreena as wel ,ending was also awesome.
Awesomeness unleashed(69)(44)
movue is a blockbuster on the opening day with salamn khan rocking the stage like always mind blowing performance by everyone character in the movie especially salman khan and katrina kaif
Awesome movie(88)(63)
Nice Salman khan and katrina kaif starer movie nyc concept and fully action reloaded movie. Waaoo and nyc story plot and also peace between the India and Pakistan.
tiger is real(32)(8)
salman is tiger of Bollywood... No doubt. he has proved it time and again. this time he didn't show.much of his toned body but he manged to.make.audience cling to.their seats and makde them shout with joy. katrina is beauty with smart karatr moves gave many oomph moments. worth watch..
it's ok type movie(102)(78)
movie was ok type ...not bad not good..loved the songs DIL diya gallan and swag...good action sequence but lack of logic ...overall one time timepass...
superb movie(64)(41)
excellent camera work action Sallu Bhai looking awesome Katrina Kaif looking good 2 songs beautiful Paisa usool movie first half very good second of little slow but very good movie good concept enjoy the Christmas with the tiger zinda hai👌👌👌💜
awesome tiger(47)(25)
awesome movie🤗...awesome work Sallu bhai...you feel to me what do India and Indian army for me and all Indian...all public must watch...tiger jinda hai😎
awesome, fantastic, abki baar 300 paar(58)(36)
Acting & chemistry both good. Loved the Action performed by Katrina. This one will be another 300 crore club masala. Merry Christmas & Happy new year to all of you guys. Salman & team ke liye to jashn ho hi Gaya.
tiger zinda tha zinda hai zinda rahega(45)(26)
it awsome movie i mean it is really salman's bhaijaan movie after this im waiting 3rd part of this frinchiziy. zafar bhai urly announce its next chapter
awsome fadu garda....mindblowing(37)(19)
Waoo... waoo... waoo..what a movie. It was Salman Khan best movie ever. Each and every moment i clap jump and screem. Story of the movie is So So but execution is awesome.
full paisa vaasool 4 tiger fans(36)(24)
Super duper xlent, TIGER is absolutely stunning, in actions and looks as usual cool dude. must watch for all salu fans.KAT is a Beauty. Paresh is filled with comic sense & villain is also good
Awesomely awesome(29)(18)
Good message by this Movie, all characters play their roll very good. Bhai Ke Biceps Dekhe..??? Salman & Katrina play a very good role in this movie this tiger is more better than earlier tiger
Fun watch(13)(4)
The movie is very nice. It was fun to watch salman and Katrina from the first scene of the movie till the last. Salman has carried the movie very nicely.
speechless!!!!!!!!(31)(22)
Awesome Movie ,direction, action and dialog were too good...Thrillers were very suspensive... overall paisawasool movie... Better than amazon obhijaan...
Tiger DEFINITELY zinda hai!(44)(36)
One of the Best movies of 2017. It gives equal footage to every actor. The villain's acting is exemplary! Amazing action. And of course it has Salman Khan!
Awesome(33)(25)
Awesome movie Salman Khan best movie Katrina kaif i would like to recommend this movie to all, if you want to see an anction pack movie , no doubt its style of salman to perform brilliant actions ,, so watch the another level of stunts by salman bhai in this movie
I love the movie tiger zinda hai and I'll wait for next project for tiger ka next part this time de jyada amazing hona chahiye enjoyable ...(8)(1)
I love the movie tiger zinda hai and I'll wait for next project for tiger ka next part this time de jyada amazing hona chahiye enjoyable ...
same old same old(16)(9)
Boring, predictable and a lot fictional. in one scene, there are 20 + men firing at Salman and non of the bullets hit or get even close to him. ohh plz
Awesome movie!!!Salman’s best action movie till date(8)(1)
Action sequences was awesome...Salman sir is the heart of the movie and Katrina is the heartbeat. Katrina action sequence is superb. Watched thrice and many more to go. Swag se swagat ho gya!!!
Salman is Back with a bang(8)(1)
Salman is Back with a bang and gives a fitting Christmas and New Year gift for his fans and movie lovers... direction by Ali A Zafar is worth a mention and Katrina Kaif finally gets to do some action which doesn't leave her looking like just a caricature... Year ends well...
classy(11)(4)
2017's blockbuster movie in bollywood..i hv njyd alot with my friends..thy also hv njyd alot,,this movie is d best gift for bollywood king SALMAN KHAN for his 52nd birthday..
Best Action Movie(9)(2)
Action movie seen very good abu Dhabi seen very nice and great photography every actor great role.salman really great work this movie and Katrina and all actor
jinda hai bhai(8)(1)
just awsm movie...really a fantastic story by salman nd katrina...go nd njoy it...take as new year gift...very nice...😉😉😉😉😉😉
Awasome movie... love to watch(34)(27)
Everything I loved it ... actions , fight with wolfs , drawing Katrina kaif pic in snow , Welcome back to Salman Khan & Katrina Kaif Together done great job & great movie together end of this year.
Energetic(8)(2)
Wait for part 3... Salman always best... Katrina looks stunning... All actors have done well... nice entertainment... Full paisa wasooll..
awesome(6)(0)
full of entertainment great movie. worth seeing with family n friends. if some more songs could have been there, could be outstanding movie. rest fine
Must watch(7)(1)
Salman is in great look, story line is good, Movie shooting locations are awesome. Tiger and Joys combo worked well again in the sequel. Its a must watch movie.